"I maintain that nothing useful and lasting can emerge from violence." - Shirin Ebadi.
"As long as you are responsible for building a healthy community, then that’s what gives you motivation and hope, and prevents you from losing hope."- Daisy Khan
"If people can see Earth from up here, they see it without those borders, see it without any differences in race or religion, they would have a completely different perspective. Because when you see it from that angle, you cannot think of your home or your country. All you can see is one Earth ..." - Anousheh Ansari
"Women are intersectional human beings who live multi-issued lives... when we are respected, when we are able to thrive and given the same opportunities as our male counterparts, when we are given space to lead and rise — our nation will rise."- Linda Sarsour
"Its not my responsibility to be beautiful,I'm not alive for that purpose.My existence is not about how desirable you find me." -Warshan Shire
"As a Muslim woman, I’ve been liberated from a silent kind of bondage. I don’t answer to the slaves of God on earth. I answer to their King."-Yasmin Mogahed
"If one man can destroy everything, why can't one girl change it?" — Malala Yousafzai
"I have a calling and purpose in this world. We must stand and speak up against injustices, my family gets that, it’s not easy but this is who I am. If loving my land means I will die, so be it.”— Fadumo Dayib
“Whatever title or office we may be privileged to hold, it is what we do that defines who we are … Each of us must decide what kind of person we want to be—what kind of legacy that we want to pass on.”—Queen Rania Al Abdullah of Jordan
"I believe in rebellion as a form of honesty, to be our most authentic self is to rebellious"- Noor Tagouri
“By working to increase self esteem and self confidence in addition to basic self defense knowledge, we are strengthening women in body, mind and spirit.” - Zainab Abdulla
"Yes, there are oppressed women in the Muslim world. Women are oppressed the world over. These are our mutual struggles" - Amirah Sackett
"Not seeing women that look like you in media in general and especially in beauty competitions sends the message that you’re not beautiful or you have to change the way you look to be considered beautiful, and that’s not true." -Halima Aden
"If there’s someone that can speak to a lived experience that you cannot, do not take up that space, do not speak on their behalf, let them speak for themselves." -Amani Al-Khatahtbeh
“It’s important we women show we are not afraid.” - Linda Sarsour
"Set lofty goals for yourself and believe that with really hard work you can achieve them" -Ibtihaj Muhammad